docs: should manually call loadEnv method when using Rsbuild Environment API (#3395)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/env-vars.mdx

console.log(process.env.BAR); // '2'
```

> ### loadEnv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manually Load Env
```

> When you use Rsbuild [JavaScript API](/api/start/index), you can manually call the [loadEnv](/api/javascript-api/core#loadenv) method to read environment variables and inject them into the code through the [source.define](/config/source/define) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using the Rsbuild CLI and are using the Rsbuild [JavaScript API](/api/start/index) instead, you will need to manually call the [loadEnv](/api/javascript-api/core#loadenv) method to read environment variables and inject them into the code via the [source.define](/config/source/define) config.
```
